michael has dyes a phenomenon we are talking about 30 movies between
1977 565
synthesis time
the cinema has to happen is that the tension since it has to explode
some of the lowest passions we say of the public that exploits the
morbid that exploits the sensationalists
how old are you
for the juvenile delinquency court in which the first bands of
juvenile delinquents
arise between 60 and 70 when it collapsed is a very interesting time
the panismo and of the Spanish science girona you create these districts this radio
three are bars that are made very fast pique has no infrastructure
it is easy to deduce that at any given time these young people can be kept
I used to have a lot of leisure time
no man had any control of the accounts under interest as it coincides in
that crime p
Young
of the 80 were the first to start nothing new ways
of entertainment related to consumption could be deep the disco
painters the arcade machines
of the comics
2 two decades after three decades after
also for that certain nostalgia which continues to recover these figures the birds
ideologized the birds politicized exclusively
the aesthetics
that I think is a very chaste figure in reality legislature very our healthy
We are talking
of these complaints is not using the torete between the movies that
recorded in the paragraph
that is to say it is a history very of this country very attached that is a history
black and grimy
is worth to say
indeed
it is a story very tied waiting for the
from our country